# IndexChain
The index chain provides a blockchain platform for the issuance, circulation and use of financial intelligence contracts based on digital certificates, and the benchmark is the upgrade of the current ICO and IPO platforms. According to statistics, the value of global equity assets is about 70 trillion US dollars, debt is about 100 trillion US dollars, and real estate is about 230 trillion US dollars. We believe that the labeling or encryption grading of global assets will be a huge potential opportunity, which is also the great value of digital assets and certificates that can truly achieve the deep and powerful enabling of the real economy. The index chain has great potential for development and will revolutionize the investment and financing model of digital assets and certificates. The index chain will not only provide a new way for major financial institutions to issue pass-through tokens, but also inject a new vitality into the encrypted digital pass market. More critically, the index chain can basically be linked and anchored to any form of asset, including stocks or commodities. For example, you can issue REITs through an index chain, and REITs can be certified and sold to countless digital currency investors. Safe and secure funds, multiple technical guarantees: For financial transactions, security is the key. The index chain uses innovative delayed POW (dPoW) technology to ensure the security of the index chain with the extra power of the Bitcoin network.
